Grant Schmitke: Hello.
Hello.
Grant Schmitke: Hey how's it going
davi pakter: It's going well.
Grant Schmitke: Good.
davi pakter: I'm Dr. Parker. Nice to meet you.
Grant Schmitke: Nice to meet you on grant
davi pakter: Hey, Grant. How do you say your last name.
Grant Schmitke: Is Mickey.
davi pakter: Schmidt key. Okay, so this is your first visit here at bright heart. Correct.
Grant Schmitke: Yes, sir.
davi pakter: Okay, good. One thing that will be super helpful for me is if you can set your phone down on something so it stable.
Yeah.
davi pakter: Instead of holding it in your hand.
Grant Schmitke: Does that work.
davi pakter: Anywhere where it's stable is much better for me. Thank you.
davi pakter: All right.
davi pakter: Yeah, that works great. So welcome to bright heart. What, what is it that brings you to this visit
Grant Schmitke: I want to get off heroin.
davi pakter: Okay, we can help.
Grant Schmitke: Awesome.
davi pakter: What's, tell me a little bit about your story.
Um,
Grant Schmitke: I've been using heroin for like 16 years
Grant Schmitke: off and on.
Grant Schmitke: It got really bad about 10 years ago when my little brother died.
davi pakter: Oh, sorry.
Grant Schmitke: I just fell off and went hard, you know, and I've lost my kids and everything over my family everything
Grant Schmitke: In and out of jail for years and just tired of it.
davi pakter: All right. Well congratulations for getting to this point.
davi pakter: How much heroin. Are you using
Grant Schmitke: Between a half a ball and two grams a day.
davi pakter: Okay, so
davi pakter: Have a ball is how many grams.
Grant Schmitke: Per gram and a half.
davi pakter: So between a grant 1.5 to two grams. Is that what you said.
Yeah.
davi pakter: And is that snorted or shot or smoke.
Grant Schmitke: I shoot it.
Okay.
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: When was the last time that you used
Grant Schmitke: Half hour ago.
Okay.
davi pakter: Have you been through any other programs to get off heroin.
Grant Schmitke: Um,
Grant Schmitke: I went to rehab. A couple years ago and I relapsed right out of it. It was only a 30 day program. But, uh, I've never been anything like this.
Grant Schmitke: I usually just quit when I'm in jail for the most part.
davi pakter: Uh huh.
davi pakter: How many times you've been in jail.
Grant Schmitke: Total
davi pakter: Sure, yes.
Grant Schmitke: Like 25
OK.
davi pakter: OK, so the rehab that you did before. Was it with medication assisted or just cold.
Grant Schmitke: Turkey I but it was with medication, but there was on I was they had me on Suboxone but
Grant Schmitke: They take it. They tapered me from three strips a day, which was perfect, all the way down to zero strips the day I left you know
Grant Schmitke: And I relapsed within 24 hours of leaving
davi pakter: Yeah.
davi pakter: You know,
Grant Schmitke: It was kind of a joke. You know, I mean, I paid $30,000 to go to this rehab and they didn't even send me with anything for aftercare. You know, like
Grant Schmitke: It made no sense to me. But
davi pakter: Okay, so when you were taking this Suboxone we did it help you
Grant Schmitke: Oh yeah, I love it.
davi pakter: Okay, so you've taken it before.
davi pakter: Other times, I mean,
davi pakter: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Is that what you do buy it on the street or how did you have you gotten
Grant Schmitke: I buy it on the street.
davi pakter: Okay, so you use that with in conjunction with the heroin.
Grant Schmitke: No, no, I buy I buy this a box in and hold on to them for like when I run out of heroin or when I don't have money or I can't connect. You know what I mean.
Grant Schmitke: Just for emergencies, a stack up like 20 of them, you know, and just have them for emergency situations.
Grant Schmitke: Okay, and it, you know, and once I'm once I'm on this a box in I never want to come off of them, you know, and I'm always run out. I don't have you more. I can't get no more. Whatever the reason is, like, I'm just not gonna go back to the heroin.
davi pakter: Gotcha. All right, well,
davi pakter: You, you don't have to worry about that anymore.
davi pakter: Well, we'll make sure that you have enough Suboxone let me go through a little bit of your history here.
davi pakter: Do you have any other medical problems, besides the heroin.
Grant Schmitke: I got severe anxiety disorder like
Grant Schmitke: Like a severe anxiety like public anxiety. You know, like I'm
Grant Schmitke: Like fear of being around people and and being in public places and stuff.
Okay.
Grant Schmitke: And depression. But other than that, I don't have any really anything else.
davi pakter: Have you ever seen a therapist before
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, I have.
Was it helpful.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, but I was really young one scene one
Okay.
davi pakter: Do you use any other substances.
davi pakter: Yeah, methamphetamine. Okay.
davi pakter: Is that pretty much daily as well. Yeah, okay.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: A couple things about our program one it's going to include therapy therapy. So we're going to get you in with a therapist, and it's also in groups.
davi pakter: That means that after today will be meeting in groups, there'll be other people dealing with similar issues and
davi pakter: will manage your, your refills, and also support you with regard to your recovery in in the group. So it'll be same as this. But there'll be more people on the screen.
davi pakter: And we'll have a therapist that helps me to facilitate the group.
davi pakter: So let's see. The other thing is that as long as you're using stimulants.
davi pakter: It means that I can only prescribe a shorter amount of
Grant Schmitke: I'll stop. I'll stop using the stimulants, as soon as I get as when I stopped heroin. I stopped the steaming I stopped everything
davi pakter: Okay. All right, good.
Grant Schmitke: Only use I only use that because it's just given to me when I get like a bag. You know what I mean.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: Just comes with it.
Grant Schmitke: I just, it's nothing to me like I'm not addicted to it or nothing, really. You know what I mean. I just spoke with it because I have it.
davi pakter: Got it. Okay, um,
davi pakter: Alright, so, so good. So then it should be a
davi pakter: Be a moot point in that, but just so you know, as long as the Europeans come back with method. And then we can only give you a shorter amount at a time.
davi pakter: Meaning you have to keep going back to the pharmacy. We won't cut you off. But we just want to make you make sure you're more engaged in the care.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: Let me go back a little bit. Sorry, I'm jumping around a little bit back to your medical history so
Grant Schmitke: One thing real quick.
Grant Schmitke: I'm trying to get into a rehab facility today but I might be getting in this week to a live in a residential place or I might be there for six months to a year.
Grant Schmitke: Okay, so
Grant Schmitke: That's, that's what I'm, I'm on the phone doing that right after this.
davi pakter: Okay, great was so would you still be in our program while you're in the residential
Grant Schmitke: Okay.
davi pakter: All right, good. Yeah. We've done that before. It works fine.
davi pakter: Where are you living right now.
Grant Schmitke: I'm in Orland California
davi pakter: Do do live by yourself or
Grant Schmitke: I'm I'm staying at my dad's house right now.
davi pakter: Got it.
davi pakter: Let me ask you a little bit about your any so you said use math. Do you use any tobacco.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah I smoke.
davi pakter: Okay, alcohol, no. Okay, any exercise.
Grant Schmitke: Oh yeah I exercise a lot
davi pakter: Okay, when you do
Grant Schmitke: I ride my bike into town every day. Sometimes twice a day. It's, it's like three miles air and three miles back
davi pakter: Okay, um,
Grant Schmitke: I lift weights and do push ups.
Right now.
davi pakter: Well, that's good, then that's going to be an important part of your recovery for sure.
davi pakter: And that also
davi pakter: Yeah, it's gonna help with your, with your mood and the anxiety and everything that you mentioned. Do you have a history of any trauma besides your brother dying.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, but it was a long time ago when I was a kid.
davi pakter: Uh huh.
davi pakter: Like what raise it.
Grant Schmitke: On this is my parents divorce and shit. My mom was like a fucking crack or so.
davi pakter: Oh, wow.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, she she's used to turn tricks in front of me, my brother and stuff. It was just horrible. I don't I don't talk to her anymore.
davi pakter: Okay so where'd you grow up.
Grant Schmitke: I grew up here like it's your Chico.
davi pakter: In Orland
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, it's, it's a 20 miles outside of Chico.
Got it.
davi pakter: And you said you have, are you were you married or divorced or
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, I got divorced, three years ago or four years ago and I was married for nine years.
Okay.
davi pakter: So divorced in 2017 yeah okay after nine years. And you said you have kids. How old are your kids.
Grant Schmitke: My daughter's 11 I have
Grant Schmitke: Four kids. My daughter's 11
Grant Schmitke: My next kid is or
davi pakter: Son or
Grant Schmitke: Daughter My son is four. I have another son that's to
davi pakter: Uh huh.
Grant Schmitke: And another son. That's actually a 13
davi pakter: Okay.
Grant Schmitke: And my girlfriend's pregnant seven and a half months right now.
davi pakter: Okay, wow.
davi pakter: Yeah. How are you feeling about
Grant Schmitke: Anxiety.
Yeah.
davi pakter: You're, you're taking
davi pakter: You're getting your life together.
For that
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: And you said you've been, how long you been with your girlfriend.
Grant Schmitke: For three years now, but she was my first girlfriend when I was four years old.
Grant Schmitke: We got back together, like we got back like four years ago, three years ago, I think.
Three years ago.
davi pakter: So, okay.
davi pakter: That was a great when you got divorced
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, just about.
davi pakter: Alright, if she she used
Grant Schmitke: She used to. Yeah.
davi pakter: But she's sober right now.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, she's pregnant.
davi pakter: Is she on medicine.
Grant Schmitke: No.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: Well, you can let her know that, you know, we'd be happy to work with her if she if she's at risk for using either now or after you know she delivers a baby.
davi pakter: So just because you know if you guys are going to be together. You got to be sober together.
davi pakter: Or else it's not gonna work. He's
Grant Schmitke: Rehab with me.
davi pakter: Oh really, okay.
Grant Schmitke: Now we're going to go together and
Grant Schmitke: We got to learn how to live together. So are you know cuz I've been strung out the whole time I've been with her.
Grant Schmitke: She was thrown out before she got pregnant, you know, so it's just, we're just going to get in there and get our shit together, you know,
davi pakter: Okay. How far did you go in school.
Grant Schmitke: I graduated
Grant Schmitke: High School.
davi pakter: And what kind of work you've been doing
Grant Schmitke: I manage orchards.
davi pakter: Okay. Have you been working during all this time.
Grant Schmitke: No, I've been off for the
Grant Schmitke: Last three years.
davi pakter: Okay. So you haven't worked for the past three years now. Okay.
Grant Schmitke: I mean I sell drugs. Every now and then, but that's about it.
Uh huh.
davi pakter: You know,
Grant Schmitke: supplemental income.
davi pakter: Yeah, so it's more. What else you got for income that is your income right
Grant Schmitke: Yeah.
Uh huh.
Grant Schmitke: That's it, you know.
davi pakter: Just hustling and your, your dad's letting you sleep did you stay there.
davi pakter: Mm hmm. Okay.
davi pakter: How's he doing
Grant Schmitke: Good.
davi pakter: Does he know about your, your genius.
Grant Schmitke: Oh, yeah, yeah.
davi pakter: Does he use
Grant Schmitke: Oh, no, no.
davi pakter: Okay, now
Grant Schmitke: He's old school he drinks, but that's it.
Grant Schmitke: You know, he drinks every night at the same time and then goes to bed, you know, at nine o'clock every night. Yeah, he's he's old school, dude.
davi pakter: What does he do
Grant Schmitke: He's retired.
davi pakter: Okay, so he puts up with your drug use.
Grant Schmitke: I never like nod. Now, or like all fucked up around him. I don't bring it out around anybody you know it's just I keep it to myself and I can handle my ship pretty well. I've been doing it for so long.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: What happened with the orchard job.
Grant Schmitke: I got I got I got fired, I think, or I kind of got fired kind of quit.
Grant Schmitke: When I started going through my divorce and shaded just
Grant Schmitke: I don't know. I should just, you know, I could go back. If I wanted it. I was working for my uncle.
You know,
Grant Schmitke: I just, I haven't talked to him in years. So
davi pakter: Yeah.
Grant Schmitke: Let's I'm moving up north. So are there, go to the rehab.
davi pakter: Okay, so where's the rehab that you're planning on going to
Grant Schmitke: In reading
davi pakter: Got it.
davi pakter: All right.
davi pakter: And when you're not sure when that's gonna happen.
Grant Schmitke: hopefully within the next this week.
Okay.
davi pakter: So let's, let's get you started on Suboxone unfortunately you're familiar with it, you know, you gotta wait until you're in pretty strong withdrawal before you start it. Otherwise, you can go, you know, get going to precipitated withdraw, which
davi pakter: Is very uncomfortable and there's no
davi pakter: No treatment for that really so when you, when you've been on it before. How long usually wait
Grant Schmitke: I wait till I'm do I wait till I'm sick as a dog. You know, I mean, because I'm always trying to I'm trying to get my work dope, you know, and the Suboxone has always been the last resort, but once I'm on it. I love it, you know.
Grant Schmitke: Uh huh. Yeah, I usually
Grant Schmitke: Wait until you know I'm dumps should ask sick, you know,
davi pakter: Okay, yeah. So are you ready to do that.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, I'm ready. Like I got I got what I got right now and I'll
Grant Schmitke: I'll handle that. You know what I mean. And I'll pick up my Suboxone today, if I can get them today, and I'll start them tomorrow. Tomorrow morning, I'm hoping I'll be, you know,
davi pakter: Do you have any more heroin with you.
davi pakter: Yeah okay so
davi pakter: So you're going to be using that later on this evening, probably
Grant Schmitke: I'll get rid of it as soon as I can get Suboxone I've already promised my girlfriend and my dad. That's what I was going to do you know
davi pakter: Okay, alright. So you're gonna get rid of that because
davi pakter: I think if you start if you last us about a hat. About two o'clock. That means, when do you think you'd be sick, like you're saying
Grant Schmitke: Tomorrow morning,
davi pakter: Okay. That seems a little on the early side. But yeah, I just recommend that you
davi pakter: Try to hold out as long as you can before you start the Suboxone
davi pakter: And we'll just since you had three strips before and that was helpful. We'll go back on that were you taking them all at once, or Split. Split up
Grant Schmitke: No, I was splitting them up.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, noon and night.
davi pakter: Okay, so
davi pakter: I'll send that over to the pharmacy.
davi pakter: Will also get you an appointment with the therapist.
davi pakter: And then let's see. Today's Tuesday.
davi pakter: Can you come to my group on Friday.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, definitely.
davi pakter: Friday at 11am
davi pakter: Yeah, okay. So we'll have you follow up Friday at 11
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: Do we have a pharmacy on file for you.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, should be CVS.
Grant Schmitke: In Orland
davi pakter: Shoot.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: New Ville road.
davi pakter: Yeah, okay.
Grant Schmitke: That's it.
davi pakter: Oh, man.
davi pakter: I gotta go through that all again, it didn't get saved. Hold on one second. Let me go back to your so you said smoker, don't drink does exercise.
davi pakter: Math use
davi pakter: Children.
davi pakter: Just put four kids.
davi pakter: Divorce
davi pakter: Education.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: How do you eat. I mean, how's your diet.
Grant Schmitke: Alright, healthy
Grant Schmitke: Okay I cook every meal. I'm a, I'm a chef. So I love to cook. I've cooked all my life, or my whole family. So I cook every meal for my dad and my girl, you know,
davi pakter: Okay. Wow. So aside from the heroin and meth, you're pretty healthy person.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, I mean I don't use that much math. You know, I mean, like, I'll take a few hits a day maybe
davi pakter: Yeah.
Grant Schmitke: Okay, I'm really fuck with it. I mean, I've dabbled a little bit, but it's nothing to me now.
Grant Schmitke: Okay, good. I just use a heroin to turn my brain off. You know, I had so much shit happened to me when I was a kid and like my brother and like I just been
Grant Schmitke: And I mean it just turns my my thought off, you know, I mean, like, so I can
Grant Schmitke: Deal with everything else.
Grant Schmitke: You know that's going on.
Grant Schmitke: I get overwhelmed with life, you know,
Yeah.
davi pakter: You had ever had knee surgeries.
Grant Schmitke: No.
Okay.
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: Ever been hospitalized overnight. Yeah, for what
Grant Schmitke: My kidneys and my liver shut down at the same time last year.
Grant Schmitke: And I almost died last year. Yeah.
davi pakter: What because you weren't you weren't eating and drinking or something or what
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, I was in pretty rough shape.
Grant Schmitke: If I wouldn't got to the hospital and I did, I would have been dead in five hours they said
davi pakter: Uh huh. And that was what month of what year
Grant Schmitke: Was last year in
Grant Schmitke: November or October, November last year, I believe.
davi pakter: November 2019 so like
Grant Schmitke: Eight, nine might be September, maybe September. Yeah.
davi pakter: Okay, yeah.
davi pakter: Okay. And how long were you in the hospital.
Grant Schmitke: I wasn't there for nine days.
davi pakter: Nine days. Wow, you were sick. Yeah.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, it was bad, you know, my I went septic you know
Uh huh.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, I was like, hanging on by a thread, they didn't think I was gonna make it actually
davi pakter: Well,
Grant Schmitke: Actually thought that somebody pointed to me.
Grant Schmitke: Because for my liver and my kidneys to shut off at the same time, like that is super rare, you know,
davi pakter: Yeah, and I
Grant Schmitke: And I mean, and I barely made it there. So yeah, I got lucky there.
davi pakter: For sure.
davi pakter: Okay, um,
davi pakter: Let's see, what else do I need to review with you.
davi pakter: Is there anything else I need to know about you to to be the best possible doctor
Grant Schmitke: Oh man, I'm pretty open person and honest, you know, I mean, and I don't, I don't really hide anything. I speak my mind and what you know.
davi pakter: Okay, if
Grant Schmitke: I'm just, I'm going to be so honest. You know what I mean like if I think I'm like bullshitting you or whatever. But that's just how I am. And if you don't like me luck. You know, that's how I that's how I always have been.
Grant Schmitke: I mean I'm just like, I don't hide my addiction from anybody you know I mean I'll tell I'll tell the my neighbor was once in yeah I do look like you know
Grant Schmitke: I'm pretty honest about it. I
Grant Schmitke: Don't if I think there's something to tell you. I tell you,
davi pakter: Yeah.
Grant Schmitke: We as you get to know me.
davi pakter: I appreciate your honesty and I think one reminder is that
davi pakter: You know, you're doing it. You're doing the heroin, like you said, you have, you have a lot of insight into it in that you're using it to escape some feelings that are too hard to feel and
davi pakter: So the, the Suboxone will help get you off the heroin, but it won't heal that wound and that trauma and that's going to take
davi pakter: A lot of work, perhaps, maybe it's, you know, some people it's easier than others, but, you know, as you mentioned, you've been through a lot. And that's where the therapy comes in, you know, the rehab. The, the groups like working on yourself. For some people, spirituality is important.
davi pakter: You know, to, to
davi pakter: Be able to face though that pain without needing to use a substance.
davi pakter: So that's what I encourage you to to work on definitely keep up the exercise good diet, you know,
davi pakter: Whatever it is that helps you to manage your stress. That's what what you need to put energy into right now.
davi pakter: And the like the medication is just a one piece of it. It's not the end all you know the rest
davi pakter: Is about
davi pakter: You know, stepping up to doing the work and engaging support from other areas, but you have a lot going for you. I think, you know, you're, you're in decent shape. You have your, your partner you know you got your dad support and
davi pakter: You're, you're ready. I think, you know, for your for this child that's coming out.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, I'm trying
davi pakter: So I'll send it over to the pharmacy enough just to get you through till Friday. Okay, maybe one extra day and then
davi pakter: Once you start showing up and showing that you're you're committed and you're going to follow through. Then we can extend it to extend the amount of medicine out
Grant Schmitke: For sure.
davi pakter: Okay, I think that's, that's about all I have for today. I'll they will contact you.
davi pakter: To set up a therapy appointment and we need to check your, your urine.
davi pakter: As soon as your urine is come back without the math in it with just what supposed to be in there, then again we can, if I can extend the prescription out to a month.
Okay.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah. That shouldn't be a problem, my step dad owns a Quest Diagnostics over here, or he leases quest. The building right down the road from here.
Grant Schmitke: Like every mile is in town. So that's where you test out right
Yeah.
davi pakter: Wait, your step dad. Your mom married somebody who's a quest diagnostic or
Grant Schmitke: No, he just owns the property that they are he owns the building that they rent that they they occupy
Grant Schmitke: They've been married for 30 years
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, they've been married for a long time, you know,
davi pakter: Wait, this is the mom that was
davi pakter: Like the craft for mom. She
Yeah.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, she's, she's, she's a totally different person now. She's like a big, rich
Grant Schmitke: Looking getting plastic surgery. Fancy Pants driving nice cars nice houses and shit now. Super baller. You know, Hillary's
Grant Schmitke: Low. Yeah.
davi pakter: Crazy but not helping you up.
Grant Schmitke: I've talked to her once in the last four years, she came to visit me when I was in jail. A few months ago. And then when I got out of jail.
Grant Schmitke: She started a fight with my girl, you know, with my current girlfriend, because my ex wife and my mom are like best friends.
Grant Schmitke: I mean, my, my ex wife. Is it just a whore, you know, and she's keeping my kids from me and just, you know, and my mom wants to be friends with her and not let me see my kids and just talk shit to my girl and fucker. You know, and I got nothing. NICE TO SAY TO ABOUT HER.
Grant Schmitke: Hmm, exactly like she's all high and mighty and perfect and shit when she's no i watch her what to do after dude. When I was a kid, you know, I mean, in a one bedroom apartment with no door on the bedroom, you know,
Grant Schmitke: She just did a scumbag did worse than I am. No way worse.
Uh huh.
davi pakter: Alright well
davi pakter: She said, heads up. I don't mind. But you know when we're in the group. We can't be swearing a lot just because it's a trigger for some people. So we just try to keep it PG during the group. Okay. Yeah.
Grant Schmitke: I just get the IDs get worked out my talk about her.
davi pakter: Okay, I understand.
Yeah.
davi pakter: All right. Do you take the films or the tablets before
Grant Schmitke: The film's strip
davi pakter: Alright, so three starting tomorrow. That's Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. So we'll do four days worth, please come to group on time, you need to check in like a half hour early so 1030 ish in virtual clinic and then group starts promptly at 11
davi pakter: And
Grant Schmitke: I just call that same number. I got for you already.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, okay.
davi pakter: Virtual clinic where you checked in today.
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, but your personal number
davi pakter: No, no, not that group. There'll be nobody in that room.
davi pakter: So you got to go through the main number
davi pakter: And then they'll, they'll put you through to the group.
Okay.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: Three films daily as directed numbers number 12 that'll be four days worth and then I'm sending it to the CBS on new bill road. Make sure it goes through
davi pakter: Okay, just to double check. You're not taking any other medications. Correct. No. All right.
davi pakter: Do you have a primary care provider.
Grant Schmitke: Like a physician, you mean
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, I don't
davi pakter: Okay, it probably worth while, for you to get one mean we can we can help someone with the therapy, we can help with the therapy. But if you need like medications or to see a psychiatrist for your anxiety or depression.
davi pakter: It'd be useful. It'd be helpful for you to have a primary care doctor. So, and everyone should have one you know in case something comes up because we're focused on your addiction independence. We can't do everything regarding your health. Fortunately, you're, you're fairly young and healthy.
davi pakter: But just
davi pakter: We need everyone to have a primary care doctor as well.
Okay.
davi pakter: All right, so I sent the prescription. I'll make email for you. Get them. Get you signed up with therapy, you're going to get your labs done and then I'll see you in group at 11am
Grant Schmitke: OK.
davi pakter: OK, Grant. Good to meet you. Anything else, any other questions.
Grant Schmitke: Like yeah, when do I go to quest to get my labs done
davi pakter: Do you have DID YOU GET THE ORDER already
davi pakter: Know. Okay, so you got to go back to a virtual clinic and they'll tell they'll give you the order for your lab for your blood work and your urine.
davi pakter: OK. OK.
Grant Schmitke: I can do right now.
Grant Schmitke: OK, I will right now.
davi pakter: Okay, all right, all right, Grant.
davi pakter: I mean for you to
Grant Schmitke: Yeah, it's a pretty cool.